the digital weekly episode 52 this is your
weekly selection of the best game
released on iphone ipod touch and ipad
test side we were interested in night
sky a puzzle based on physics
before leaving on the video of the
next and mechanical
in dunger boat your mission is
piloted your boat avoiding any
sort of obstacles like swirls
mines launched by submarines of
icebergs and other missiles and we add
to this the presence of dangerous wave
which directs you to its dangers
obviously improving your
ship as well as power-ups can
to be purchased via the game currency a
absolutely downloadable title for
fans of intense difficulties
nominated for the prestigious in dependence
2011 festival games and icomos
phishing is finally available and brings
with him these crazy game phases
in which we must lead a fisherman
missed to supreme glory
the goal is to plunge our soul
are as deep as possible avoiding
fish while it takes as much
recover a maximum during the ascent
finally you discover that it is possible
to fish them with guns and
chainsaws toasters and
other weapons that you will have in your
indicative price
must surely look high but
know that no integrated purchase is
present in game our absolute color of
the week the long-awaited sequel of
super stikeman golf is finally available
the opportunity to test the golf club on
20 competitions for a total of 180
hole particularly well constructed of
walls that hangs the ball from obstacles
mobile and many other surprises you
are waiting on this title which has
plus a local multiplayer mode and
online
we do not forget a
advanced character customization
towards bonuses and a fierce difficulty
for endless hours of fun
notice to the fans of the stargate sg1 series
it is now possible to embody the
famous original casting for
missions directly written by the
novelist of stargate selim al com de
his side the rather classic gameplay
you have to rely on a scenario
unpublished to take pleasure on this
title
which will revive many memories
to lovers of small license
precision
stargate sg-1 nicht is compatible to
from ipad 2 and iphone 4
the creators of a birth grid unveils
the croods a game of management and
strategy based on the next movie
of dreamworks animation you will have to
here foot I tamed said creatures
prehistoric particularly zany
but also customize your piece of
land or carry out
missions given by the members of
your family a nice game well
that gnawing and a multitude shopping
integrated to you to see
available for some time on
pc wii and nintendo 3ds night sky is a
puzzle game and address
developed by nicalis and plunges the
player in a series of tables
strewn with obstacles of all kinds
immediately know that we control a
ball in eleven levels all separated into
several fixed screens provided with a
minimalist achievement although
attractive and this via effects of
well- felt light and ambience
sound that evolves over the
progression particularity side
happily found a level design
worthy of the best productions
independent and second is brilliantly
by the mysterious powers of the sphere
indeed randomly control his
speed in addition to his direction
or by modifying the effects of
gravity going through the sole mastery
slowing the ball rather
simple with respect to the first
game mode progression is meant
much more demanding once dipped
in the alternative painting that
equals a difficult mode
and the least we can say is
that we will have to do a lot more
attention to its accuracy as well as the
how to use placed elements
in the tables to come to us in
help like this pinball platform to
casters or it's a little mischievous
Swing concretely advise you
directly to measure yourself in this mode
especially if you are a briscard of the
indie scene because the first to the
normal difficulty can quickly become
weary by its simplicity
anyway be reassured the
players from all walks of life
have a great time on this track
in the end it's a pretty 8 out of 10 for this
night sky that stands out by the
mastery of his level-design
also by the rigorous difficulty
of his alternative mode without forgetting his
visual and sound realization almost
poetic and its huge potential
addictive
we end this show on the video
of mechanical and an adventurous game
puzzle available next monday
as for me, I benefit quickly for
all thank you for your loyalty
since a year
it's a pleasure every week to
realize this show and be able to
exchange with you in comments
I hope to give you so much pleasure
to play these games but I take
you selected them on this and before
that I am totally voiceless
I tell you next week to
new ios games releases
by then, wear well salty
at